Add `nodeSelector` to override system deployments by operator (#3789)
knative/docs: docs/admin/install/operator/configuring-serving-cr.md

## Override system deployments

If you would like to override some configurations for a specific deployment, you can override the configuration by using `spec.deployments` in CR.
Currently `replicas`, `labels`, `annotations` and `nodeSelector` are supported.

### Override replicas, labels and annotations

> The following KnativeServing resource overrides the `webhook` deployment to have `3` replicass, `mylabel: foo` labels and `myannotataions: bar` annotations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following KnativeServing resource overrides the `webhook` deployment to have `3` Replicas, the label `mylabel: foo`, and the annotation `myannotataions: bar`,
```

> while other system deployments have `2` replicas by `spec.high-availability`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while other system deployments have `2` Replicas by using `spec.high-availability`.
```

```

> **NOTE:** The labels and annotations settings override webhook's labels and annotations in deployment and pod both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    The KnativeServing resource `label` and `annotation` settings override the webhook's labels and annotations for both Deployments and Pods.
```

### Override nodeSelector

> The following KnativeServing resource overrides the `webhook` deployment to have `disktype: hdd` nodeSelector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following KnativeServing resource overrides the `webhook` deployment to use the `disktype: hdd` nodeSelector:
```
